conduct_en.md, before:

# Algorave - Code of Conduct

Where specified, all participants at Algorave events, including attendees, performers, organisers and volunteers, are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Please support it and help ensure a safe environment for everybody.

## What Is This?

To meet our aim to make inclusive, safe events, we have outlined expectations of participants. This code applies to Algorave, any related social events and online communities around it. For more information on codes of conduct and why they are neccessary, see http://www.ashedryden.com/blog/codes-of-conduct-101-faq

## The Short Version

We are dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. This applies both in person or via online media.

## The Less Short Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following,  disruption of performances, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. 

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact an organiser immediately. Algorave organisers will try to be present at all times - additionally, venue staff (where possible/appropriate) will be briefed on this code and can act on the organisers behalf.

If you report an incident of harassment to Algorave organisers you can expect to be listened to and taken seriously. They will take action they deem appropriate in response depending on the scale and severity of the incident.  For example:

1. Discuss the perpetrator's behaviour with them and ask them to stop.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable.  Remind the perpetrator of the code of conduct.  Monitor the perpetrator’s behaviour and if it improves then they will continue to be welcome at events.
2. Eject the perpetrator from the event.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable and remind them of the code of conduct.  Monitor the person's behaviour at future events and if it improves then they will continue to be welcome.
3. Eject the perpetrator from the event and ban them from future events.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable and remind them of the code of conduct.

Algorave organisers and venue staff will be happy to help participants contact security or police, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event and their journey home.

Commit message:

added info about inclusive language

conduct_en.md, after:

# Algorave - Code of Conduct

Where specified, all participants at Algorave events, including attendees, performers, organisers and volunteers, are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Please support it and help ensure a safe environment for everybody.

## What Is This?

To meet our aim to make inclusive, safe events, we have outlined expectations of participants. This code applies to Algorave, any related social events and online communities around it. For more information on codes of conduct and why they are neccessary, see http://www.ashedryden.com/blog/codes-of-conduct-101-faq

## Inclusion

Please remember that at an Algorave you will have a group with mixed genders, beliefs, technologies, backgrounds, sexualities and so on.

In all communitcation - whether that be when promoting the event, addressing performers or your audience, try to use inclusive language, e.g. remember that ‘guys’ is not a gender-neutral term in many parts of the world, try not to address a mixed group with that. 

## The Short Version

We are dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. This applies both in person or via online media.

## The Less Short Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following,  disruption of performances, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. 

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact an organiser immediately. Algorave organisers will try to be present at all times - additionally, venue staff (where possible/appropriate) will be briefed on this code and can act on the organisers behalf.

If you report an incident of harassment to Algorave organisers you can expect to be listened to and taken seriously. They will take action they deem appropriate in response depending on the scale and severity of the incident.  For example:

1. Discuss the perpetrator's behaviour with them and ask them to stop.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable.  Remind the perpetrator of the code of conduct.  Monitor the perpetrator’s behaviour and if it improves then they will continue to be welcome at events.
2. Eject the perpetrator from the event.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable and remind them of the code of conduct.  Monitor the person's behaviour at future events and if it improves then they will continue to be welcome.
3. Eject the perpetrator from the event and ban them from future events.  Explain what they have done and why it is unacceptable and remind them of the code of conduct.

Algorave organisers and venue staff will be happy to help participants contact security or police, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event and their journey home.
